doc: integrations: rename section to cover add-ons and mention Edge AI (#29634)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/index.rst

Scalable and extensible
  The |NCS| is out-of-tree ready and can be used for projects and applications of all sizes and levels of complexity.

Third-party integrations and Add-ons
  The |NCS| provides integrations with third-party and Nordic products within the SDK, such as AWS, nRF Cloud, :ref:`Memfault (Remote Observability) <ug_memfault>` and more.

>   In addition to that, the |NCS| provides Add-ons for specific areas or standards, such as Edge AI, Find My, FMDN, Zigbee, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition to that, the |NCS| provides `Add-ons <nRF Connect SDK Add-ons_>`_ for specific areas or standards, such as Edge AI, Amazon Sidewalk, Zigbee, and more.
```
Couldn't find Find My and FMDN in the add-on link - https://nrfconnect.github.io/ncs-app-index/ . These could be removed and add Amazon Sidewalk as these are just examples.

Author: fixed
